okay so i have to admit i've been
getting kind of tired with all these
neutral natural looks of all that brown
beige and completely boring so for a
change I decided to play with some color
and what better color to play around
with them pink right okay so let's get
started first things first smooth out an
eyeshadow primer onto your lids to keep
your eyeshadows in place until you
decide to wash them off make sure to
apply some along your lower lash line
two as for eyeshadows I'm going to be
working with the party girl palette from
bhcosmetics I'm starting with this pinky
purple color right here next to the
purple and I'm just going to apply that
to the lids starting from the lash line
and stopping just before the crease
trace some of that shadow along your
lower lash line as well blend out the
edges with a clean fluffy brush is
soften everything out i'm adding this
deeper purple to the outer corners and
the crease area to add some definition
with a small brush I'm dabbing some of
this white eyeshadow around the inner
corners this is going to add some light
to the eyes
yeah then there's this really nice matte
pepto bismal color in the palette then
I'm going to dab onto the centers of my
lids to finish up the eyeshadows I'm
adding a little bit more of the darker
purple to the crease and along the outer
half of the lower lash line yeah next
I'm lining along my top lash line with a
black liquid eyeliner yeah to go along
with the party theme I added some of
this pink glitter to the lids just above
the liner it's not a party without
glitter you guys
add some mascara and false lashes and
the eyes are complete I really like this
look you guys that I'm usually not a fan
of pink eye shadows what do you guys
think moving on to the face I'm just
dusting on some bronzer to the higher
point to my face where the Sun would
naturally hit to create a nice healthy
glow
as for blush I'm going with this pretty
rosy blush by the bomb don't go too
crazy with a blush you guys we've got
enough pink on the ice for the lips I
went with the soft pinky nude lipstick
that has a bit of shine to it no lip
gloss leave most of the shine to the
glitter on the lid and there you have it
that's the finished look and you're
ready to go thank you all so much for
watching this tutorial I hope that you
enjoyed and I'll talk to you again very
very soon bye
you